Engines are a great way to seperate code out of your main app.

* Create a clean API between logical features in the main app
* Share models, migrations with the main app

* Engines can be setup with a `--full` or `--mountable` flag.
  * Full means that the engine will work _within_ the main app
  * Mountable means that the engine will work _alongside_ the main app. This is the best way in my opinion. In this mode everything is namespaced so that it doesn't clash with the main app. For example a Person model might be named `EngineName::Person` instead.
  *[A good Stack explanation](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/6118905/rails-3-1-engine-vs-mountable-app) 
  * Ensure that the engine is created with a `dummy-app`. This is basically a barebones rails app that lives in `spec/` that your engine is mounted with so it can be tested. Neat
  * Passing `-T` will mean that the minitest files won't be created (as we will be using rspec)
  
  `rails plugin new filenet --mountable -T -d postgresql --dummy-path=spec/dummy`
  
[Simply article on engines](https://www.amberbit.com/blog/2015/10/15/rails-mountable-engines/)

## Mounting on the main app

It was as easy as adding the engine into the main app gemfile. I referenced it locally when I was developing, but you can easily pull this rubygems or github
`gem 'filenet', path: '../filenet'`

* Models that were in the engine were just available right away in the main app - Although because I use `mountable` they were namespaced with the engine name
* I created a `src/` directory in `app` for logic, and the main app was able to see that straight away also

## Migrations

Migrations can be made within the engine as usual. When you want to bring these accross to the main app run

`rake engine_name:install:migrations`

and they are copied accross and can be run on the main app.

## Specs

[Setting up engine with Rspec, Capybara and FactoryBot](https://www.viget.com/articles/rails-engine-testing-with-rspec-capybara-and-factorygirl/)

Basically I followed this link above and got rspec and factory bot running. It also makes changes to the rake file so that any commands such as `rake db:migrate` are actually run on the `spec/dummy` app.

### Getting Spring running
Because the engine isn't really an app, I needed to do the following so that spring was pointing to the dummy app.

In config/spring.rb, make sure you have the following:
`Spring.application_root='test/dummy'`

And in test/dummy/config/spring.rb, make sure you have the following:
`Spring.application_root=''`

I added the spring rspec commands gem , and generated the binstubs

`bundle exec spring binstub rspec`


